# Planning for today

1. Discussion about performance metrics, hyper-parameter tuning and cross validation
    - See the slide.

2. Continue working on [TD_WP_2_Part_1.ipynb](../WP_2_20240424/TD_WP_2_Part_1.ipynb): unsupervised learning
    - Apply statistical testing methods on the course project
    - Apply local outlier factor approach on the course project

3. Start working on the rest of [WP_2](TD_WP_2_Complete.ipynb):
    - Define a cross validation strategy.
    - Develop a pipeline to train classification-based fault detection model.
        - Split Training and Evaluation data.
        - Hyper parameter tuning through cross validation
    - Try different classfication models to get the best F1 score.

# Submission for WP_2
- Submission deadline: midnight, **19/05/2024**.
- How to submit:
    - Prepare a single notebook, named it as "WP1_Group_X.ipynb".
    - In the repository of the administrator:
        - Fetch the most up-to-date change from the original repository (sonic160/digital_twin_robot)
        - Create a new branch called "WP2_submission".
        - Create a new folder called "deliverables" in your workspace. For example, if you are group 1, then, you should have: `projects\maintenance_industry_4_2024\ws_group_1\deliverables`
        - Put your final notebook in this folder.
        - Create a pull request to merge your branch to "main" branch of the original repository (sonic160/digital_twin_robot)
        - Wait for the professor to merge the submission.

