This document summarizes the development roadmap in the course project for the course "Maintenance and Industry 4.0" (2023-2024) at Centralesupélec. This project intends to develop a piloting use case of applying digital twin to simulate failure behavior and train AI-based fault diagnosis algorithms. The use cases will be implemented on a robot from LGI, Centralesupelec. The projects comprise of four work packages.

Note: This project looks very ambitious. But don't feel stressed. We will provide you with the necessary resource and supporting scripts. You only need to focus on the tasks assigned to you each week. This roadmap is to give you an overall picture of the whole project.

# WP0: Project set-up (08/04/2024 - 12/04/2024)

In this WP, we aim to set up the project environment and prepare the data for the subsequent WPs, including:
- Task 1: Set up the Github repository for each group. Get familiar with the Github workflow and how to use Github to collaborate with your team members. 
- Task 2: Set up the development environment. Install the necessary IDE and the necessary libraries. We recommend to use Python and VS Code as coding environment.
- Task 3: Set up Matlab environment for collecting condition-monitoring data from the robot.

# WP1: Data preprocessing and feature engineering (23/04/2024)

In this WP, you will have to get familiar with the data structure and how to use the provided supporting function to read the data. You will also have to preprocess the data and determine the features to be used in the fault detection model:
- Task 1: Read the data and get familiar with the data structure.
- Task 2: Preprocess the data and remove the outliers.
- Task 3: Feature engineering.

**Deliverable**
- A notebook (per group) summarizing your code and your results of this WP. 
- Submission deadline: midnight, 28/04/2024.

# WP2: Fault detection model development through unsupervised learning and classificaton (25/04/2024, 29/04/2024)

In this WP, you will work on a given training dataset. Your goal is to develop a fault detection model using the classification algorithms learnt in the class, in order to achieve best F1 score:
- Task 1: Develop a fault detection model using the unsupervised learning algorithms learnt in the class, in order to achieve best F1 score.
- Task 2: With the help of the supporting script, develop a cross-validation scheme to test the performance of the developed classification algorithms.
- Task 3: Develop a fault detection model using the classification algorithms learnt in the class, in order to achieve best F1 score.

**Deliverable**
- A notebook (per group) summarizing your model development process, the models you tested, their performance, and the best model you got and its performance. 
- Submission deadline: midnight, 15/05/2024.

# WP3: Fault detection model development through regression (16/05/2024, 21/05/2024)

In this WP, you will work on a given training dataset. Your goal is to develop a fault detection model using the regression algorithms learnt in the class, in order to achieve best F1 score:
- Task 1: With the help of the supporting script, develop a cross-validation scheme to test the performance of the developed classification algorithms.
- Task 2: Develop a fault detection model using the regression algorithms learnt in the class, in order to achieve best F1 score.

**Deliverable**
- A notebook (per group) summarizing your model development process, the models you tested, their performance, and the best model you got and its performance. 
- Submission deadline: midnight, 26/05/2024.

# WP4: Data challenge (28/05/2024, 31/05/2024)

In this WP, you will generate testing datasets for the other groups, and you will be evaluated based on the dataset generated by the other group. Your final score will be decided from two parts:
- Part 1: Your model performance on the testing dataset generated by the other group. The higher the better.
- Part 2: The other groups' score on the dataset generated by you. The lower the other groups perform on your dataset, the higher your score will be.

**Deliverable**
- Generate dataset. Deadline: midnight, 29/05/2024.
- Your final model and the prediction results (submitted via Kaggle). Due: mignight 04/06/2024.

# Final defense: 9h, 05/06/2024






  
